Congratulations on
completing the first course!
We've come so far and covered so
much about a really
exciting industry.
I find cybersecurity to be
exciting because it's dynamic.
There are always new
puzzles to solve, and
the work of protecting
our users is worthwhile.
Before we move on,
let's take a moment to
celebrate and reflect
on what we've covered.
First, we introduced
core security concepts,
including what security
is and why it matters.
We also discussed what
an entry-level security analyst
does and some skills
related to the role.
Then, we transitioned to
eight security domains,
which include security
and risk management,
asset security, and
security operations.
Next, we highlighted security
frameworks and controls.
Specifically, the CIA triad model
and the NIST
Cybersecurity Framework.
Finally, we explored
common tools and
programming languages used by
security analysts, such as SIEMs,
playbooks, SQL, and Python.
I hope you're proud of the
work you've done so far.
No matter what direction
you take in the
security industry,
everything you've learned lays
the foundation for the
next phase of your career.
And, as you move through
this program,
you'll have the chance to
develop your skills further.
In the next course, we'll
provide more details about
several of the topics
introduced in this course.
Hi, I'm Ashley, and I
will be guiding you
through the next course of
this certificate program.
We'll discuss
security domains and
business operations
in greater detail.
I'm so glad I was able to
be here for the beginning
of your journey.
You're off to a great start.
I'm excited for you to reach
your goal of joining
the security industry!